From:   Dmitry V. Leskov[SMTP:SNOWMAN@iis.nsk.su]
Sent:   15 но€бр€ 1996 г. 16:02
To:     Anatoly V. Grabar
Subject:        Re: XRC text

xrc.txt                          Copyright (c) 1995,96 xTech Ltd
----------------------------------------------------------------

                     XDS Resource Compiler
                     ---------------------

1. Starting XRC

The XDS Resource Compiler is implemented as a command-line 
utility called XRC. To invoke it, type:

    xrc <options> <input file name>

at the command prompt and press Enter.

Being invoked without any arguments, XRC outputs a brief help
message.

<input file name> is a file name with source resource script.
Default file extension is RC.

Options are started with symbol "/" or "-". Some options 
require a value that should be placed after the option.

List of options:

Name Value            Effect

d    Name list        Define all names from list.

Fo   File name        Rename output file (default extension is
                      RES). If not specified the name of output
                      file is same as input name and extension 
                      is RES.

L    Hexadecimal      Set language of resource number to
                      specified id. Suppressed by LANGUAGE
                      statement in RC file. Default value is 0.

I    Directory list   Add directories to search path for 
                      include files.

X    None             Ignore INCLUDE environment variable.

C    Number           Set code page for converting strings to
                      UNICODE. Default is the current code page
                      of your system.

Stb  None             Predefine all symbols from windows.h. You
                      can use this option if you do not have 
                      Win32 SDK or would not like to include
                      <windows.h> in your resource script.

Lists in options '/D' and '/I' should be separated with 
semicolons.


2. Searching for include files

When you use "#include" statements in resource script, the
compiler searches for files in the following directories:

1. Current directory (only if file name is enclosed in quotes)

2. Directories specified in the '/I' option.

3. Directories listed in the INCLUDE environment variable
   (if '/X' option is not specified)


3. Resource script language

The resource compiler understands standard resource script
language, specification of which can be found in Win32 SDK
Reference, with some restrictions.

The resource compiler does not understand the following
statements in resource scripts:

    ANICURSOR
    ANIICON
    DIALOGEX
    MENUEX

These resources are not documented by Microsoft.

Be careful using preprocessor directives. The built-in 
preprocessor is not a full C preprocessor. It conforms to
the resource script language specification, but is not 
ANSI-compliant. In particular, it does not support 
function-like macros and some data types (float, double) 
in constant expressions.

Resource compiler does not support most of the resource
script language extensions.